:tada: start a sub-chapter on personal website framework (#3934)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/communication/personal-website/personal-website-frameworks.md

libraries that help developers build and maintain websites more efficiently.
Frameworks provide a structured foundation, offering reusable code modules,
common design patterns, and guidelines, which help streamline the development
process and promote best practices. They essentially "frame" the development by
managing basic functionalities and allowing developers to focus on the unique
aspects of their projects rather than repetitive tasks.

## Benefits of using a framework

Frameworks provide several benefits in website development:

* **Code Reusability**: Common functions are built-in, which reduces redundancy.
* **Efficiency**: They allow faster development by eliminating the need to code
every component from scratch.
* **Scalability**: Frameworks provide a solid structure that can grow with the
website.
* **Security**: Many frameworks come with built-in security features and
updates, which help mitigate vulnerabilities.

## Popular frameworks

Below mentioned are some of the commonly used frameworks. These have been
divided into two categories depending upon whether person wants to create a
website using low-code or high-code options.

### No-Code/Low-Code frameworks

> * [Git hub profile](https://docs.github.com/en/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/customizing-your-profile/about-your-profile)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [GitHub (GH) profile](https://docs.github.com/en/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/customizing-your-profile/about-your-profile)
```

> * [Git hub profile](https://docs.github.com/en/account-and-profile/setting-up-and-managing-your-github-profile/customizing-your-profile/about-your-profile)

Reviewer 2: GitHub is typically one word.
